e variable s is initialized with 1.
The variable upper is initialized with variable s.
The variable lower is initialized with 1.
It enters a while loop and it checks if the difference between upper and lower is greater than 1.
Inside the while loop, it calculates the value of variable med as the average of upper and lower.
Then it calculates the value of variable dist as the number of integers less than or equal to variable med that are divisible by 3, 5 or 15.
If the value of variable dist is greater than variable s, it sets the value of upper to variable med.
If the value of variable dist is less than variable s, it sets the value of lower to variable med.
If the value of variable dist is equal to variable s, it sets the value of upper to variable med and sets the value of lower to variable med minus 1.
After the while loop finishes, it enters a for loop and it iterates from variable lower to variable upper.
Inside the for loop, it calculates the value of variable cur as the sum of the number of integers less than or equal to variable i that are divisible by 3, 5 or 15.
Then it checks if variable i is divisible by 15. If it is, it sets the value of variable str to "FizzBuzz".
Else if variable i is divisible by 5, it sets the value of variable str to "Buzz".
Else if variable i is divisible by 3, it sets the value of variable str to "Fizz".
Else, it sets the value of variable str to the string representation of variable i.
Then it enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to the length of the string representation of variable i.
Inside the for loop, it checks if variable cur is less than variable s. If it is, it prints the character at index j of the string representation of variable i.
Else if variable cur is greater than or equal to (variable s plus 20), it prints a new line.
Else, it prints the character at index j of the string representation of variable i.
After the for loop finishes, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to the length of the string representation of variable i.
Inside the for loop, it prints the character at index j of the string representation of variable i.
