NO-ANSWER
variable count is initialized with 0, variable p is initialized with 0.
The variable s is initialized with the input.
The variable s1 is initialized with the length of the input.
The variable e is initialized with true.
The variable tmp is initialized with the first character of the input.
The for loop iterates from 0 to the length of the input and assigns the character at index i of the input to the character at index i of the variable s1.
Then it checks if the current character is not equal to the previous character. If it is not, it sets the variable e to false.
Then it enters a while loop and it checks if the current character is equal to 'W'. If it is, it assigns 'B' to the variable tmp. If it is not, it assigns 'W' to the variable tmp.
Then it enters a for loop and it iterates from variable p to the length of the input. It assigns the current character of the variable tmp to the character at index i of the variable s1.
Then it enters a for loop and it iterates from variable p to the length of the input. It checks if the current character of the variable s1 is not equal to the current character of the variable tmp. If it is not, it sets the variable e to false.
Then it increments the variable count by 1.
After the while loop finishes, it checks if the variable e is true. If it is, it prints the value of the variable count as output.
If it is not, it enters a while loop and it assigns the current character of the variable tmp to 'B' if the current character is 'W'. If it is not, it assigns the current character of the variable tmp to 'W' if the current character is 'B'.
Then it enters a for loop and it iterates from variable p to the length of the input. It assigns the current character of the variable tmp to the character at index i of the variable s1.
Then it enters a for loop and it iterates from variable p to the length of the input. It checks if the current character of the variable s1 is not equal to the current character of the variable tmp. If it is not, it sets the variable e to false.
Then it increments the variable count by 1.
After the while loop finishes, it checks if the variable e is true
