
<Code>
def f(text, char):
    if not text.endswith(char):
        return f(char + text, char)
    return text
<Code>

What would be the return value of `f('staovk', 'k')`?

First analyze step by step about how the code processes the input. 
Then print the return value of the code based on your analysis.
<<<Analysis>>>
The function f takes two parameters, text and char.
The function checks if the text ends with the given character.
If the text does not end with the given character, the function calls itself recursively with the concatenation of the given character and the text as the new text and the same character as the new char parameter.
If the text ends with the given character, the function returns the text.
To determine the output of executing the function f on the input "staovk" and the character "k", we need to check if "staovk" ends with "k".
The text "staovk" does not end with "k", so the function calls itself recursively with the concatenation of "k" and "staovk" as the new text and the same character "k" as the new char parameter.
The function then calls itself recursively with the concatenation of "k" and "staovkk" as the new text and the same character "k" as the new char parameter.
The function then calls itself recursively with the concatenation of "k" and "staovkkk" as the new text and the same character "k" as the new char parameter.
The function then calls itself recursively with the concatenation of "k" and "staovkkkk" as the new text and the same character "k" as the new char parameter.
The function then calls itself recursively with the concatenation of "k" and "staovkkkkk" as the new text and the same character "k" as the new char parameter.
The function then calls itself recursively with the concatenation of "k" and "staovkkkkkk" as the new text and the same character "k" as the new char parameter.
The function then calls itself recursively with the concatenation of "k" and "staovkkkkkkk" as the new text and the same character "k" as the new char parameter.
The function then calls itself recursively with the concatenation of "k" and "staovkkkkkkkk" as the new text and the same character "k" as the new char parameter.
The function then calls itself recursively with the concatenation of "k" and "staovkkkkkkkkk" as the new text and the same character "k" as the new char parameter.
The function then calls itself