 <<<Analysis>>>
The variable n, d1 and d2 are initialized with 2, 1 and 2 respectively according to the input.
It enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to 2*n to check each integer i in this range. The value of variable i is also passed to variable x.
Inside the for loop, it calculates the value of variable y by dividing x by 2.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 0 to 2*n to check each integer j in this range. The value of variable j is also passed to variable y.
Inside the second for loop, it enters another for loop and it iterates from 0 to 4 to check each integer i in this range. The value of variable i is also passed to variable k.
It then calculates the value of variable l by multiplying x and y.
It then checks if the value of variable l is in the list d1xy or d2xy. If it is, it adds the current interger i to variable cnt.
After the loops finish, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the second for loop finishes, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the third for loop finishes, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the fourth for loop finishes, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the fifth for loop finishes, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the sixth for loop finishes, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the seventh for loop finishes, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the eighth for loop finishes, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the ninth for loop finishes, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the tenth for loop finishes, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the eleventh for loop finishes, it checks if the value of variable cnt is equal to n*n. If it is, it prints all the pairs (i,j) that have a value of k in the map.
After the twelfth for