
<<<Analysis>>>
The variable s is initialized with the input string.
The variable sd is initialized with the string "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz".
The variable sdnum is initialized with the string "0123456789".
The variable count is initialized with an array of 26 elements.
The variable countnum is initialized with an array of 10 elements.
The variable ans is initialized with 0.
It enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to the length of the string s. The value of the current index of the string s is passed to variable i.
Inside the for loop, it checks if the current character of the string s is a digit or a letter. If it is a digit, it increments the corresponding element of the array countnum by 1. If it is a letter, it increments the corresponding element of the array count by 1.
After the loop finishes, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 26 to 3. The value of the current index of the array count is passed to variable i.
Inside the for loop, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to 26 - i. The value of the current index of the array count is passed to variable j.
Inside the for loop, it calculates the minimum value of the elements of the array count from j to j + i. The value of the calculated minimum value is passed to variable tmp.
It adds the calculated minimum value to variable ans.
After the loop finishes, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to 26. The value of the current index of the array count is passed to variable i.
Inside the for loop, it adds the corresponding element of the array count to variable ans.
After the loop finishes, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 10 to 3. The value of the current index of the array countnum is passed to variable i.
Inside the for loop, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to 10 - i. The value of the current index of the array countnum is passed to variable j.
Inside the for loop, it calculates the minimum value of the elements of the array countnum from j to j + i. The value of the calculated minimum value is passed to variable tmp.
It adds the calculated minimum value to variable ans.
After the loop finishes, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to 10. The value of the current index of the array countnum is passed to variable i.
Inside the for loop, it adds the corresponding element of the array countnum to variable ans.
After the loop finishes, it print the fianl value of variable ans as output, which is 10.
