 <<<Analysis>>>
The variable n and variable k are initialized with 2 and 4 respectively according to the input.
It enters a for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer i in this range. The value of variable i is also passed to variable p.
Inside the for loop, it calculates the value of variable p by multiplying the value of variable i with the value of variable p.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer j in this range. The value of variable j is also passed to variable p.
Inside the second for loop, it calculates the value of variable p by multiplying the value of variable j with the value of variable p.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer l in this range. The value of variable l is also passed to variable p.
Inside the third for loop, it calculates the value of variable p by multiplying the value of variable l with the value of variable p.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer m in this range. The value of variable m is also passed to variable p.
Inside the fourth for loop, it calculates the value of variable p by multiplying the value of variable m with the value of variable p.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer n in this range. The value of variable n is also passed to variable p.
Inside the fifth for loop, it calculates the value of variable p by multiplying the value of variable n with the value of variable p.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer o in this range. The value of variable o is also passed to variable p.
Inside the sixth for loop, it calculates the value of variable p by multiplying the value of variable o with the value of variable p.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer p in this range. The value of variable p is also passed to variable p.
Inside the seventh for loop, it calculates the value of variable p by multiplying the value of variable p with the value of variable p.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer q in this range. The value of variable q is also passed to variable p.
Inside the eighth for loop, it calculates the value of variable p by multiplying the value of variable q with the value of variable p.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer r in this range. The value of variable r is also passed to variable p.
Inside the ninth for loop, it calculates the value of variable p by multiplying the value of variable r with the value of variable p.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer s in this range. The value of variable s is also passed to variable p.
Inside the tenth for loop, it calculates the value of variable p by multiplying the value of variable s with the value of variable p.
Then it enters another for loop and it iterates from 1 to 4 to check each integer t in this range. The value of variable t is also passed to variable p.
Inside the eleventh for loop, it calculates the