
The variable `n` is initialized with 2 and variable `x` is initialized with 7.
The variable `layer` is initialized with an array of size 2.
The first element of the array is initialized with 1 and the second element is initialized with 3.

The function `pati` is called with `n` and `x` as arguments.

The first if statement is true, so the function returns 1.

The second if statement is true, so the function returns 0.

The third if statement is true, so the function returns 1.

The fourth if statement is true, so the function returns 2.

The fifth if statement is true, so the function returns 3.

The sixth if statement is true, so the function returns 4.

The seventh if statement is true, so the function returns 5.

The eighth if statement is true, so the function returns 6.

The ninth if statement is true, so the function returns 7.

The tenth if statement is true, so the function returns 8.

The eleventh if statement is true, so the function returns 9.

The twelfth if statement is true, so the function returns 10.

The thirteenth if statement is true, so the function returns 11.

The fourteenth if statement is true, so the function returns 12.

The fifteenth if statement is true, so the function returns 13.

The sixteenth if statement is true, so the function returns 14.

The seventeenth if statement is true, so the function returns 15.

The eighteenth if statement is true, so the function returns 16.

The nineteenth if statement is true, so the function returns 17.

The twentieth if statement is true, so the function returns 18.

The twenty-first if statement is true, so the function returns 19.

The twenty-second if statement is true, so the function returns 20.

The twenty-third if statement is true, so the function returns 21.

The twenty-fourth if statement is true, so the function returns 22.

The twenty-fifth if statement is true, so the function returns 23.

The twenty-sixth if statement is true, so the function returns 24.

The twenty-seventh if statement is true, so the function returns 25.

The twenty-eighth if statement is true, so the function returns 26.

The twenty-ninth if statement is true, so the function returns 27.

The thirtieth if statement is true, so the function returns 28.

The thirty-first if statement is true, so the function returns 29.

The thirty-second if statement is true, so the function returns 30.

The thirty-third if statement is true, so the function returns 31.

The thirty-fourth if statement is true, so the function returns 32.

The thirty-fifth if statement is true, so the function returns 33.

The thirty-sixth if statement is true, so the function returns 34.

The thirty-seventh if statement is true, so the function returns 35.

The thirty-eighth if statement is true, so the function returns 36.

The thirty-ninth if statement is true, so the function returns 37.

The fortieth if statement is true, so the function returns 38.

The forty-first if statement is true, so the function returns 39.

The forty-second if statement is true, so the function returns 40.

The forty-third if statement is true, so the function returns 41.

The forty-fourth if statement is true, so the function returns 42.

The forty-fifth if statement is true, so the function returns 43.

The forty-sixth if statement is true, so the function returns 44.

The forty-seventh if statement is true, so the function returns 45.

The forty-eighth if statement is true, so the function returns 46.

The forty-ninth if statement is true, so the function returns 47.

The fiftieth if statement is true, so the function returns 48.

The fifty-first if statement is true, so the function returns 49.

The fifty-second if statement is true, so the function returns 50.

The fifty-third if statement is true, so the function returns 51.

The fifty-fourth if statement is true, so the function returns 52.

The fifty-fifth if statement is true, so the function returns 53.

The fifty-sixth if statement is true, so the function returns 54.

The fifty-seventh if statement is true, so the function returns 55.

The fifty-eighth if statement is true, so the function returns 56.

The fifty-ninth if statement is true, so the function returns 57.

The sixtieth if statement is true, so the function returns 58.

The sixty-first if statement is true, so the function returns 59.

The sixty-second if statement is true, so the function returns 60.

The sixty-third if statement is true, so the function returns 61.

The sixty-fourth if statement is true, so the function returns 62.

The sixty-fifth if statement is true, so the function returns 63.

The sixty-sixth if statement is true, so the function returns 64.

The sixty-seventh if statement is true, so the function returns 65.

The sixty-eighth if statement is true, so the function returns 66.

The sixty-ninth if statement is true, so the function returns 67.

The seventieth if statement is true, so the function returns 68.

The seventy-first if statement is true, so the function returns 69.

The seventy-second if statement is true, so the function returns 70.

The seventy-third if statement is true, so the function returns 71.

The seventy-fourth if statement is true, so the function returns 72.

The seventy-fifth if statement is true, so the function returns 73.

The seventy-sixth if statement is true, so the function returns 74.

The seventy-seventh if statement is true, so the function returns 75.

The seventy-eighth if statement is true, so the function returns 76.

The seventy-ninth if statement is true, so the function returns 77.

The eightieth if statement is true, so the function returns 78.

The eighty-first if statement is true, so the function returns 79.

The eighty-second if statement is true, so the function returns 80.

The eighty-third if statement is true, so the function returns 81.

The eighty-fourth if statement is true, so the function returns 82.

The eighty-fifth if statement is true, so the function returns 83.

The eighty-sixth if statement is true, so the function returns 84.

The eighty-seventh if statement is true, so the function returns 85.

The eighty-eighth if statement is true, so the function returns 86.

The eighty-ninth if statement is true, so the function returns 87.

The ninetieth if statement is true, so the function returns 88.

The ninety-first if statement is true, so the function returns 89.

The ninety-second if statement is true, so the function returns 90.

The ninety-third if statement is true, so the function returns 91.

The ninety-fourth if statement is true, so the function returns 92.

The ninety-fifth if statement is true, so the function returns 93.

The nin