
<Code>
def f(text):
    m = 0
    cnt = 0
    for i in text.split():
        if len(i) > m:
            cnt += 1
            m = len(i)
    return cnt
<Code>

What would be the return value of `f("wys silak v5 e4fi rotbi fwj 78 wigf t8s lcl")`?

First analyze step by step about how the code processes the input. 
Then print the return value of the code based on your analysis.
<<<Analysis>>>
The function f takes a string text as input and returns the count of the longest words in the string.
To determine the output of executing the function f on the input "wys silak v5 e4fi rotbi fwj 78 wigf t8s lcl", we need to split the string into words and find the length of each word. We can then keep track of the length of the longest word seen so far and the count of words with that length.

The first word is "wys" with length 3. Since this is the first word with length greater than or equal to 3, we increment the count of words with length 3 and set the length of the longest word seen so far to 3.

The second word is "silak" with length 6. Since this is the first word with length greater than or equal to 6, we increment the count of words with length 6 and set the length of the longest word seen so far to 6.

The third word is "v5" with length 2. Since this is the first word with length greater than or equal to 2, we increment the count of words with length 2 and set the length of the longest word seen so far to 2.

The fourth word is "e4fi" with length 4. Since this is the first word with length greater than or equal to 4, we increment the count of words with length 4 and set the length of the longest word seen so far to 4.

The fifth word is "rotbi" with length 5. Since this is the first word with length greater than or equal to 5, we increment the count of words with length 5 and set the length of the longest word seen so far to 5.

The sixth word is "fwj" with length 3. Since this is the first word with length greater than or equal to 3, we increment the count of words with length 3 and set the length of the longest word seen so far to 3.

The seventh word is "78" with length 2. Since this is the first word with length greater than or equal to 2, we increment the count of words with length 2 and set the length of the longest word seen so far to 2.

The