he variable str is initialized with the input.
It creates an array of 4 strings named ch.
It enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to 3 to check each integer i in this range. The value of variable i is also passed to variable j.
Inside the for loop, it extracts the character at index i from variable str and assigns it to the corresponding index of array ch.
Then it converts the string at index 0 of array ch to an integer named a.
Then it converts the string at index 1 of array ch to an integer named b.
Then it converts the string at index 2 of array ch to an integer named c.
Then it converts the string at index 3 of array ch to an integer named d.
Then it checks if the sum of a, b, c and d is equal to 7. If it is, it assigns the string "+","+" and "+" to the corresponding indices of array ans.
If the sum of a, b, c and d is equal to 11, it assigns the string "+","+" and "-" to the corresponding indices of array ans.
If the sum of a, b, c and d is equal to 15, it assigns the string "+","-" and "+" to the corresponding indices of array ans.
If the sum of a, b, c and d is equal to 19, it assigns the string "-","+" and "+" to the corresponding indices of array ans.
If the sum of a, b, c and d is equal to 23, it assigns the string "+","-" and "-" to the corresponding indices of array ans.
If the sum of a, b, c and d is equal to 27, it assigns the string "-","+" and "-" to the corresponding indices of array ans.
If the sum of a, b, c and d is equal to 31, it assigns the string "-","-" and "+" to the corresponding indices of array ans.
If the sum of a, b, c and d is equal to 35, it assigns the string "-","-" and "-" to the corresponding indices of array ans.
Then it prints the concatenation of the string at index 0 of array ch, the string at index 0 of array ans, the string at index 1 of array ch, the string at index 1 of array ans, the string at index 2 of array ch, the string at index 2 of array ans, the string at index 3 of array ch and the string at index 3 of array ans.
