variable N, variable K and variable M are initialized with 3, 2 and 7 respectively according to the input.
It enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to 15 to check each integer i in this range. The value of variable i is also passed to variable k.
Inside the for loop, it calculates the number of 1s in the binary representation of variable k. The condition is met when i is 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14 and 15.
Then it checks if the calculated number of 1s is less than or equal to the number of 0s. If it is, it adds the current interger i to the list of upper integers u. The condition is met when i is 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14 and 15.
After the loop finishes, it enters another for loop and it iterates from 0 to 2 to check each integer j in this range. The value of variable j is also passed to variable l.
Inside the for loop, it calculates the number of 1s in the binary representation of variable l. The condition is met when j is 0 and 1.
Then it checks if the calculated number of 1s is less than or equal to the number of 0s. If it is, it adds the current interger j to the list of lower integers l. The condition is met when j is 0 and 1.
After the loop finishes, it enters a recursive function to calculate the number of ways to arrange the upper and lower integers.
The recursive function returns 1 if the current integer cur is equal to 2*N.
Otherwise, it checks if the list of upper integers u is not empty. If it is, it adds the current interger cur to the list of upper integers u and calls the recursive function with the new value of cur.
Then it checks if the list of lower integers l is not empty and the current interger cur is less than or equal to the sum of the last element of the list of upper integers u and the variable K. If it is, it adds the current interger cur to the list of lower integers l and calls the recursive function with the new value of cur.
After the recursive function finishes, it calculates the final value of the answer by adding all the values returned by the recursive function.
