NO-ANSWER
he variable n is initialized with 3.
The if statement checks if n is equal to 1. If it is, it prints "Yes" and "2" and "1 1" and "1 1" as output.
The else statement checks if n is not equal to 1. If it is, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 2 to 100000 to check each integer i in this range. The value of variable i is also passed to variable canner.
Inside the for loop, it calculates the sum of the integers from 1 to i by adding i to variable canner.
Then it checks if the calculated variable canner is equal to n. If it is, it prints "Yes" and the value of variable i as output.
The if statement checks if the value of variable i is not equal to 0. If it is, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to variable i to check each integer offset in this range.
Inside the for loop, it enters a for loop and it iterates from variable offset to variable i to check each integer x in this range. The value of variable x is also passed to variable table.
Inside the for loop, it assigns the value of variable curstart to variable table at the position of variable x and variable offset.
Inside the for loop, it enters a for loop and it iterates from variable offset+1 to variable els to check each integer y in this range. The value of variable y is also passed to variable table.
Inside the for loop, it assigns the value of variable curstart+y-1-offset to variable table at the position of variable offset and variable y.
Inside the for loop, it assigns the value of variable curend+1 to variable curstart.
After the loop finishes, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to variable els to check each integer y in this range.
Inside the for loop, it enters a for loop and it iterates from 0 to variable els to check each integer x in this range.
Inside the for loop, it appends the value of variable els to variable sb.
Inside the for loop, it appends the value of variable x to variable sb.
If the value of variable x is not equal to 0, it appends the value of'' to variable sb.
