 <<<Analysis>>>
The variable e is initialized with 0 and variable y is initialized with 2015.
It enters a if-else statement and checks if e is equal to 0. If it is, it enters the first block of code and checks if y is between 1868 and 1911. Since y is greater than 1911, it does not enter the first block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 1. Since e is not equal to 1, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 2. Since e is not equal to 2, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 3. Since e is not equal to 3, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 4. Since e is not equal to 4, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 5. Since e is not equal to 5, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 6. Since e is not equal to 6, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 7. Since e is not equal to 7, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 8. Since e is not equal to 8, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 9. Since e is not equal to 9, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 10. Since e is not equal to 10, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 11. Since e is not equal to 11, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 12. Since e is not equal to 12, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 13. Since e is not equal to 13, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 14. Since e is not equal to 14, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 15. Since e is not equal to 15, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 16. Since e is not equal to 16, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 17. Since e is not equal to 17, it does not enter this block of code.
It then enters the else block of code and checks if e is equal to 18. Since e is not equal to 18,